We are trying to discover the terma teaching from the Garuda Rocky Mountains.
The teacher is very interested in teaching. It is a very interesting story. Just every day, when
they revert, they are teaching. From an external object, there are fascinating events happening. So
he is here.
When he began to discover the terma teaching, he began to dig in the hole. It becomes what is
called geological excavator, and he began to really dig the Rocky Mountains as he identified the
exact location.
This is his whole story of this Rinalovashe. But anyway, all the instructions, in a way, he got
every instruction as to how to do it.
That is what he is doing now. However, he still had trouble.
When he started digging the hole or curbing the Rocky Mountains at that moment, he was at that time
, I think, about eight or thirty years old.
Twenty-seven years, when he was old, he received the instructions and all that. He had to wait for
three years with a lot of preparation and meditation and practice and so forth.
So when all that came, he was at thirty and now he began to revel in digging. But the moment he
started doing that, that is what Rinalovashe himself said.
There is a moment where there is a lot of lightning and thunder, and the hellstorms came as big as
the egg, egg-sized hellstorms, and then also a lot of what is called boulders.
Boulders are falling from the mountain as rain of the boulders, as the size of the heads of the
sheep coming with sound toward them.
So Rinalovashe turned and then the spotter who was an assistant, they all scared, scared, and they
were very scared.
And then he heard that Rinalovashe himself said to pray to Murphema Sambho.
And he said, he made also a statement, "If I'm the true Tehtung, that as you instructed me, true Te
htung, then I shouldn't have this much trouble."
He said, "If I'm not that person, then do what we like to do."
So when Rinalovashe turned to Murphema Sambho, he said, "And then the moment he met the stone, pray
to Murphema Sambho."
And right that moment, the hellstone, as well as those falling rocks, immediately stopped.
So when Rinalovashe turned to Murphema Sambho, he said, "That's how Rinalovashe discovered the
first time, his Tehtung teachings."
And then after that, again the chairman will continue using the example of Rinalovashe.
And he said, "After that, also Rinalovashe began to discover another Tehtung teaching, in the close
of his birthplace."
A place known as Lobra Kastra. And Lobra is the place where Rinalovashe was born.
When Rinalovashe was born, at that time, he got more confident, in a way, I think.
He also announced to many villagers that, "This day, I'm going to discover the Tehtung teaching,
and from these places, you all come."
And you can participate, you can participate with the meditation of practices, that.
So he really gathered quite larger, larger those practitioners or the devotees.
Then he did the ceremonies, prayers, and all those ceremonies, all that.
But again, he started digging the hole on the Rocky Mountains.
When he started digging the hole, he couldn't find anything else.
And so he couldn't find. He couldn't find. Again, he did the same. He prayed to Rinalovashe.
And so when he started praying to Rinalovashe, and when he did that, at that moment,
the Dharmapala, who was protecting that Tehtung, that Tehtung, that Dharmapala, known as Ginnimkare
,
and he ate it.
And then he took this very intense moment, moment, and so Rinalovashe prayed that,
at that moment, that Dharmapala, he prayed right in front of every audience,
in the form of a white man and a white horse, came, and he pointed.
"What's that?" He said, "This is what's called a horse, you have this one."
And then he came there with the white man and the white horse,
and he pointed his, like this, the whip to the exact location of that road.
This is the place that your dharma is here, and now I am giving the father's aid
to the son, to whom, or son, whom have to give, that father's aid.
Now, exactly, I just, I did my job, that means.
So I kept this father's aid, or father's wealth, that have to give to the son.
You're the son, that son, and now I give to you."
He said that.
So then all the audience, or the crowd saw, saw that, that clearly.
And then he was able to discover that there,
and then everybody was amazed to Rinalaba and his teachings.